=The Main Menu=
The main menu is the first thing to be displayed when you load the program it is here that you choose which machines you are interested in viewing, or change the settings for the program.

http://i875.photobucket.com/albums/ab318/greg1337Steff/Tutorial%20Photos/MainPage.jpg?t=1255039839

The main menu offers 4 main functions:

==Start==
The start function allow the user to access the load machine screen from which they can select which machine they wish to load.

http://i875.photobucket.com/albums/ab318/greg1337Steff/Tutorial%20Photos/LoadMachine.jpg?t=1255040096

(A scroll bar shall be displayed if there are too many machines in the list for the screen)<br>
Once the user has selected the machine they wish to load (by tapping the machine name) the Machine View for that machine will be loaded.  If the user selects the download machine option then they will be directed to the download machine window.

==Download Machines==
The download machines button opens up a window which displays all available machine that the user does not already have saved on their ipod.

http://i875.photobucket.com/albums/ab318/greg1337Steff/Tutorial%20Photos/Download_Machines.jpg?t=1255040645

By selecting the machine of interest the user will start the downloading process where a progress bar will be displayed until completion when the user will be redirected to the main menu.

==Settings==
http://i875.photobucket.com/albums/ab318/greg1337Steff/Tutorial%20Photos/Settings.jpg?t=1255040980

===Shake to reset===
This option allows the user to in the machine view, shake the device to return all the parts of a machine to their origonal positions.

===Auto update===
The auto update feature allows the user to specify whether or not they want the iPod to update a machine with all the new comments and photos from the server every time that they open a machine.

===Save on exit===
Saves the positions of all the parts in the machine view for the next time the user views that machine.

===Background color===
Allows the user to change the color of the canvas in the machine view.  Allows the user to choose from a selection of 9 colors.