#summary Minutes from every meeting held by Virtual Mechanics.
#labels minutes,virtualmechanic,meeting

<wiki:toc max_depth="2" />

=Meeting 1=
_Sunday, September 20, 2009, 12:00 @ Lougheed Mall Food Court_

- Everyone present and accounted for - <br>
- Introductions - *5 min* <br>
- Brainstorming project ideas *45 min*
   = Decided on Image Layering idea <br>
- Discussed website setup and management *10 min*
   = Decided to use Google Code as our host <br>
   = Jeff will be in charge of directing Website features <br>
- Discussed previous projects and experiences *15 min* <br>
- Project plan discussion *10 min*
   = Image layering idea with orientation about generic PC. <br>
- Set a time for next team meeting *2 min*
   = Monday, Sept. 21, 4:30 PM @ McKenzie Cafe @ SFU <br>

- Tentative project managers volunteered
   = Jeff : Media <br>
   = Marc : Documentation <br>
   = Chien : Programming <br>
==Member tasks==
   = Every member should write up their own bio. <br>
   = Jeff will set up website. <br>
   = Marc will write up a draft of our Project Plan. <br>
   = Everyone should familiarize themselves with Objective C. <br>
   = Look into installing Mac OS on PC <br>

=Meeting 2=
_Monday, September 21, 2009, 4:30 @ McKenzie Cafe @ SFU_

- Chien is away sick, everyone else present - <br>
- Website is up and running. Thank you Jeff. *5 min*
   = Student number and Bio need to be added to our site. <br>
- Decided on our team name : Virtual Mechanics *2 min* <br>
- Set up a weekly team meeting *3 min*
   = Mondays at 4:30 until 5:30 in the McKenzie Cafe at SFU <br>
   = Tuesday at 12:30 until 2:30 in CSIL at SFU <br>
- Gantt chart needed for project scheduling
   = Greg volunteered to head this one. <br>
- Talked about meeting in case of holidays *2 min*
   = Meeting will be held at Lougheed Mall in this case <br>
- Discussed essential features of our project. *5 min* <br>
- Defined roles for our program *5 min*
   = Admin <br>
   = User <br>
==Member Tasks==
   - Look into downloading XCode and MacOS onto PC <br>
   - Marc will transfer Project Proposal to website <br>
   - Review lecture slides <br>
   - Add information to bio section of website <br>

=Meeting 3=
_Tuesday, September 29, 2009, 12:30 @ Maggie Benston Centre @ SFU_

- Everyone is present - <br>
- Discussed assignment 2. *30 mins*
   = Decided that every sub-category of assignment 2 should have its own wiki-page.
==Requirements Document==
- Intended audience list will be drawn up in table form by greg.
   = Columns will be: "kinds of users", "experience", "expertise", and "goals" <br>
- The features portion of the req. doc. is to be worked on by all team members and is of the highest priority. <br>
   = Automatic table of contents on a wiki page. <br>
   = Must be an exhaustive list. <br>
   = Everyone needs to work on this before Thursday's lecture. <br>
- Chien will work on the non-functional requirements part of the assignment. <br>
- Jeff will work on setting up some example tutorials. <br>
- Marc will work on the glossary for the user manual. <br>

==Design Document==
- Greg will be taking care of the Guidelines section. <br>
- Tyler has already started working a little on the System Diagrams section. <br>
- Data requirements will be left alone for now until we've researched it a little more. <br>
   = Greg mentioned using MySQL for our Database client. <br>
- Feature priorities will be assigned after we have completed our "Features" document. <br>

==Quality Assurance Plan==
- Most of this will be discussed in our next meeting. <br>
- Internal deadlines will be set using both our Gantt chart and a list as a more physical reference. <br>

==Member Tasks==
- Work on respective assigned tasks for Assignment 2. <br>
- Greg to update Gantt Chart for assignment 2<br>
- Contribute to the "Features" wiki page.

=Meeting 4=
_Tuesday, October 6, 2009, 12:30 @ CSIL @ SFU_

- Everyone present (Marc was late, sorry!) - <br>
- Touched base on Assignment 2 <br>
- Examples are looking great. Thanks Jeff! <br>
- Going to migrate wikis over to Google docs tomorrow. (Jeff) <br>
- Features, Glossary, Non-Functional requirements should be finished tonight. <br>
- Start work on Design Document and QAP tonight or tomorrow. <br>

==Member Tasks==
- Finish up Assignment 2a requirements and start on 2b <br>
- Meet up again tomorrow to regroup <br>

=Meeting 5=
_Tuesday, October 20, 2009, 12:30 @ CSIL @ SFU_

- Chien absent, everyone else present - <br>
- Went over returned grades on Assignment 2. <br>
- Checked out Tyler's version of our program so far. <br>
- Checklist of what we need to do:
 * Implement features of Version 1 in a working version.
 * Update our requirements and design documents to reflect our work
 * Critical tasks as set out by Jeff. Please work on these!
  * A copy of this list is available on the downloads page now.
 * We will meet again on Thursday, 4:00 PM, at the Mac Lab in the eastern AQ (near Renaissance Cafe) to re-establish our roles and check on each other's progress. It is important that we have something to show for the next two day's of work.
  * It is, of course, midterm time, but please have _something_ to show. A finished product is not expected, only something to build on.
==Member Tasks==
 * Work on critical tasks in the document that Jeff has drawn up.
 * Have something to show the rest of the group members related to what you're working on.
 * Read assignment 2 marking document, and summary as well.
 * Keep notes of what you work on (not just commenting in the code but actually write these things down on paper so we can keep a logbook of our progress). Documentation, as we have seen, is VERY important.
 * When in doubt, please consult meeting minutes, Assignment 2 summary, design document, quality assurance plan, and requirements document.